chore(docs) adding otel store documentation (#1932)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/live-examples/opentelemetry-store/overview.md

# OpenTelemetry Astronomy Shop Demo

> This system implements an Astronomy shop in a set of microservices in different languages with OpenTelemetry enabled, intended to be used as an example to OpenTelemetry instrumentation and observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This system implements an Astronomy shop in a set of microservices in different languages with OpenTelemetry enabled, intended to be used as an example of OpenTelemetry instrumentation and observability.
```

- **Source Code**: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo

> - **Running it locally**: [instructions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/docs/docker_deployment.md#run-docker-compose)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Running it Locally**: [instructions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/docs/docker_deployment.md#run-docker-compose)
```

- **Running on Kubernetes**: [instructions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/docs/kubernetes_deployment.md)

> ## Use cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Cases
```

> - [Add item into shopping cart](./use-cases/add-item-into-shopping-cart.md): simulate a user choosing an item and adding it to the shopping cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add item into shopping cart](./use-cases/add-item-into-shopping-cart.md): Simulate a user choosing an item and adding it to the shopping cart.
```

> - [Check shopping cart content](./use-cases/check-shopping-cart-contents.md): simulate a user choosing different products and checking the shopping cart later 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Check shopping cart content](./use-cases/check-shopping-cart-contents.md): Simulate a user choosing different products and checking the shopping cart later. 
```

> - [Checkout](./use-cases/checkout.md): simulates a user choosing a product and later doing a checkout of that product, with billing and shipping info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Checkout](./use-cases/checkout.md): Simulates a user choosing a product and later doing a checkout of that product, with billing and shipping info.
```

> - [Get recommended products](./use-cases/get-recommended-products.md): simulates a user querying for recommended products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Get recommended products](./use-cases/get-recommended-products.md): Simulates a user querying for recommended products.
```

> ## System architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## System Architecture
```

> This demonstration environment consists in a series of microservices, handling each aspect of the store, like Product Catalog, Payment, Currency, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demonstration environment consists of a series of microservices, handling each aspect of the store, such as Product Catalog, Payment, Currency, etc.
```
